There were two peanuts walking down a dark alley, one was assaulted.@What do you call a sleepwalking nun... A roamin' Catholic.@How do you make holy water? You boil the hell out of it.@What did the 0 say to the 8? Nice belt!@Why did the orange stop? Because, it ran outta juice.@What's brown and sounds like a bell? Dung!@Why did the storm trooper buy an iPhone? He couldn't find the Droid he was looking for.@Why is six afraid of seven? Because seven ate nine.@How many Alzheimer's patients does it take to change a light bulb? To get to the other side!@Q: What do you have when you have two little green balls in the palm of your hand? A: Kermit's undivided attention!@What did one snowman say to the other? Nice balls.@Why did the policeman smell bad? He was on duty.@Why does Snoop Dogg carry an umbrella? FOR DRIZZLE!@Why can't you hear a pterodactyl in the bathroom? Because it has a silent pee.@What did the Zen Buddhist say to the hotdog vendor? Make me one with everything.@What kind of bees make milk instead of honey? Boobies.@What do you get when you cross an elephant and a rhino? Elephino!@What did the farmer say when he couldn't find his tractor? "Where's my Tractor?!"@Have you heard about the duck that was arrested for stealing? He was selling "quack".@What do you call a cow with two legs? Lean beef.@How do you catch a unique rabbit? You 'neek' up on it.@What do you get when you cross an insomniac, an agnostic and a dyslexic? Someone who lays awake at night wondering if there really is a dog.@I used to date a dyslexic woman. I took her home and she ended up cooking my sock.@What did one tampon say to the other tampon? Nothing! They were both stuck up bitches.@What do you call a deer with no eyes? No eye deer.@What's the last thing that goes through a bug's mind as he hits the windshield? His butt.@The past, present and future walk into a bar. It was tense.@Why was Tiger looking in the toilet? He was looking for Pooh!@What do you get when you throw a piano down a mine shaft? A flat mine@Have you heard about the cannibal that passed his brother in the forest?@What's the difference between a straight woman and a bisexual woman? 4 drinks.@How do you make a hormone? Don't pay her!@What's the hardest part of a vegetable to eat? The wheelchair.@I used to be into sadism, necrophilia, and bestiality, but I realized I was just beating a dead horse.@Confucius says, when naked man walk through doorway sideways, he going to Bangkok.@Horse walks into a barBartender says, "Why the long face?"@Q: Why don’t midgets need a wall to play handball?A: They just use the curb!@Q: Why are gay midgets so appealing?A: They can suck a dick standing up!@Q: How do you piss of a midget?A: Give him a yo-yo.@Q: What did the midget say when I asked him for a dollar?A: "Sorry, I’m a little short."@Q: Why do midgets always laugh when playing soccer?A: The grass tickles their balls!@Q: What do you call a Mexican midget?A: A paragraph cause he’s too short to be an essay.@Q: Why are most midgets good guys?A: Because they don’t look down on people.@Q: What does a midget model do?A: Pose for trophies!@Q: What do you call a Chubby Midget?A: Low Fat.@Q: Did you hear about the midget that overdosed on Viagra?A: He’s a little stiff now!@Q: What is the difference between a clever midget and a venereal disease?A: One is a cunning runt, and the other is a running cunt.@Q: When do you kick a midget in the balls?A: When he is standing next to your miss saying her hair smells nice@Q: What do you call a midget with 3 legs?A: Horny.@Q: Why shouldn’t you hire a midget chef?A: The steaks are too high.@Q: What do you get when you cross a midget with a prostitute?A: A little fucker about so tall.@Q: What bank do midgets use?A: The Piggy Bank!@Q: Why can’t midgets wear tampons?A: Because they keep stepping on the string!@Q: What do you call a poor midget?A: Short changed.@Q: Why did the blonde put her finger over the nail she was hammering?A: The noise gave her a headache.@Q: Did you hear about the blonde who gave his cat a bath?A: He still hasn’t gotten all the hair off his tongue.@Q: Did you hear about the blonde who thought he discovered that he had a twin brother?A: He didn’t realize he was looking in a mirror.@Q: Why can’t blondes take coffee breaks?A: They’re too hard to re-train.@Q: Why does a blonde smile in a lightning storm?A: They think their getting their picture taken.@Q: What did the mom say to her blonde daughter before a date?A: If your not in bed by 12 come home.@Q: How many blondes does it take to make a circuit?A: Two: one to stand in the bathtub, and another to pass him the blow dryer!@Q: What happened to the blonde ice hockey team?A: They drowned in Spring training.@Q: How can you tell which tricycle belongs to the blonde?A: It is the one with the kickstand.@Q: What do you call an all-blonde skydiving team?A: A new version of the Lawn Darts game.@Q: Did you hear about the blonde who couldn’t wait to see , leagues under the sea?A: He said that he loved baseball, and was surprised that there were so many teams.@Q: Why did the blonde stand in front of a mirror with his eyes closed?A: He wanted to see what he looked like asleep.@Q: Why did the blonde quit his job as a restroom attendant?A: He couldn’t figure out how to refill the hand dryer.@Q: What do you call blonde twins doing bubble gum commercials?A: Double-dumb.@Q: How can you tell if a blond is a good cook?A: She gets the pop tart out of the toaster in one piece.@Q: What do you call a blonde at university?A: A visitor.@Q: How do you recognize a blonde at a car wash?A: He’s the one on his bike.@Q: How can you tell if a blonde has been using your lawnmower?A: The green WELCOME mat is ripped all to shreds.@Q: Why did the blonde take his new scarf back to the store?A: It was too tight.@Q: Why did the stadium get hot after the game?A: All of the fans left.@Q: What did the duck say to the bartender?A: Put it on my bill.@Q: What do you call a group of unorganized cats?A: A Cat-astrophe.@Q: Why did the frog take the bus to work?A: His car got toad.@Q: Why did the dinosaur cross the road?A: Because the chicken joke wasn’t invented yet.@Q: Why couldn’t Dracula’s wife get to sleep?A: Because of his coffin.@Q: What did the horse say when he fell?A: Help, I’ve fallen and I can’t giddy up!@Q: What happens when the smog lifts over Los Angeles?A: UCLA.@Q: Which U.SState has the smallest soft drinks?A: Mini-soda.@Q: What did the buffalo say to his son when he left for college?A: Bison.@Q: How do most frogs die?A: They kermit suicide!@Q: Why did the elephants get kicked out of the public pool?A: They kept dropping their trunks.@Q: What’s the most musical part of a chicken?A: The drumstick.@Q: Why did Johnny throw the clock out of the window?A: Because he wanted to see time fly!@Q: Why was the baby strawberry crying?A: Because his mom and dad were in a jam.@Q: What do lawyers wear to court?A: Lawsuits!@Q: Why did the man put his money in the freezer?A: He wanted cold hard cash!@Q: What do call cheese that isn’t yours?A: Nacho Cheese.@Q: What’s easy to get into but hard to get out of?A: Trouble.@Q: What do you call two fat people having a chat?A: A heavy discussion@Q: What dog keeps the best time?A: A watch dog.@Q: Why does a Moon-rock taste better than an Earth-rock?A: Because it’s a little meteor.@Q: Why is Peter Pan always flying?A: He neverlands!@Q: Why did the picture go to jail?A: Because it was framed!@Q: How do you impress a baker when you’re taking his daughter on a date?A: Bring her flours.@Q: Why did the yogurt go to the art exhibit?A: Because it was cultured.@Q: What do you call a fat psychic?A: A four chin teller.@Q: What is the difference between a dressmaker and a farmer?A: A dressmaker sews what she gathers, a farmer gathers what he sows.@Q: What do you give to a sick lemon?A: Lemon aid!@Q: What do they call cans in Mexico?A: Mexi-cans.@Q: What do you get when you cross a snowman with a vampire?A: Frostbite.@Q: What do you call an apology written in dots and dashes?A: Remorse code.@Q: Why couldn’t the bicycle stand up by itself?A: It was two-tired!@Q: What is an astronaut’s favorite place on a computer?A: The Space bar!@Q: Which month do soldiers hate most?A: The month of March!@Q: What runs but doesn’t get anywhere?A: A refrigerator.@Q: What do you call a guy who never farts in public?A: A private tutor.@Q: Why did the hipster burn his tongue with his pizza?A: He ate it before it was cool!@A: I have the perfect son.B: Does he smoke?A: No, he doesn't.B: Does he drink whiskey?A: No, he doesn't.B: Does he ever come home late?A: No, he doesn't.B: I guess you really do have the perfect son. How old is he?A: He will be six months old next Wednesday.@Girl: You would be a good dancer except for two things.Boy: What are the two things?Girl: Your feet.@A family of mice were surprised by a big cat. Father Mouse jumped and said, "Bow-wow!" The cat ran away. "What was that, Father?" asked Baby Mouse. "Well, son, that's why it's important to learn a second language."@The doctor to the patient: 'You are very sick'The patient to the doctor: 'Can I get a second opinion?'The doctor again: 'Yes, you are very ugly too...'@A man goes to the doctor and says, "Doctor, wherever I touch, it hurts."The doctor asks, "What do you mean?"The man says, "When I touch my shoulder, it really hurts. If I touch my knee - OUCH! When I touch my forehead, it really, really hurts."The doctor says, "I know what's wrong with you - you've broken your finger!"@Patient: Doctor, I have a pain in my eye whenever I drink tea.Doctor: Take the spoon out of the mug before you drink.@Patient: Doctor! You've got to help me! Nobody ever listens to me. No one ever pays any attention to what I have to say.Doctor: Next please!@Two boys were arguing when the teacher entered the room.The teacher says, "Why are you arguing?"One boy answers, "We found a ten dollor bill and decided to give it to whoever tells the biggest lie.""You should be ashamed of yourselves," said the teacher, "When I was your age I didn't even know what a lie was."The boys gave the ten dollars to the teacher.@A snail walks into a bar and the barman tells him there's a strict policy about having snails in the bar and so kicks him out. A year later the same snail re-enters the bar and asks the barman "What did you do that for?"@A: Just look at that young person with the short hair and blue jeans. Is it a boy or a girl?B: It's a girl. She's my daughter.A: Oh, I'm sorry, sir. I didn't know that you were her father.B: I'm not. I'm her mother.@Mother: "Did you enjoy your first day at school?"Girl: "First day? Do you mean I have to go back tomorrow?@Headmaster: I've had complaints about you, Johnny, from all your teachers. What have you been doing?Johnny: Nothing, sir.Headmaster: Exactly.@Teacher: "Nick, what is the past participle of the verb to ring?"Nick: "What do you think it is, Sir?"Teacher: "I don't think, I KNOW!"Nick: "I don't think I know either, Sir!"@A: Hey, man! Please call me a taxi.B: Yes, sir. You are a taxi.@A: Why are you crying?B: The elephant is dead.A: Was he your pet?B: No, but I'm the one who must dig his grave.@A teenage girl had been talking on the phone for about half an hour, and then she hung up."Wow!," said her father, "That was short. You usually talk for two hours. What happened?""Wrong number," replied the girl.@PUPIL: "Would you punish me for something I didn`t do?"TEACHER:" Of course not."PUPIL: "Good, because I haven`t done my homework."@A teacher asked a student to write 55.Student asked: How?Teacher: Write 5 and beside it another 5!The student wrote 5 and stopped.Teacher: What are you waiting for?Student: I don't know which side to write the other 5!@When I want to teach the coulors, I just ask my students to pretend the phone is ringing and they will answer:Phone rings: "Green, green!"They answer: "Yellow?"They ask: "White?"They hang up: "Pink!"@While teaching this use your hands pretending you are holding the phone.@Little Johnny: Teacher, can I go to the bathroom?Teacher: Little Johnny, MAY I go to the bathroom?Little Johnny: But I asked first!@Two goldfish in a bowl talking:Goldfish 1: Do you believe in God?Goldfish 2: Of course, I do! Who do you think changes the water?Son: Dad, what is an idiot?Dad: An idiot is a person who tries to explain his ideas in such a strange and long way that another person who is listening to him can't understand him. Do you understand me?Son: No.@Man: I could go to the end of the world for you.Woman: Yes, but would you stay there?Man: I offer you myself.Woman: I am sorry I never accept cheap gifts.@Man: I want to share everything with you.Woman: Let's start from your bank account.@Teacher: Why are you late?Student: There was a man who lost a hundred dollar bill.Teacher: That's nice. Were you helping him look for it?Student: No. I was standing on it.@Customer: Excuse me, but I saw your thumb in my soup when you were carrying it.Waitress: Oh, that's okay. The soup isn't hot.@The real estate agent says, "I have a good, cheap apartment for you."The man replys, "By the week or by the month?"The agent answers, "By the garbage dump.."Bank Teller: How do you like the money?English Student: I like it very much.@"Why do you take baths in milk?""I can't find a cow tall enough for a shower."Customer in a restaurant: I would like to have a plate of rice and a piece of fried chicken and a cup of coffeeWaitress: Is it enough Sir?Customer: What? Do you think I can't buy more?@"You look very funny wearing that belt.""I would look even funnier if I didn't wear it."@"I was born in California.""Which part?""All of me."@"Excuse me. Do you know the way to the zoo?""No, I'm sorry I don't.""Well, it's two blocks this way, then one block to the left."@Teacher: Do you have trouble making decisions?Student: Well... yes and no.Three mice are being chased by a cat. The mice were cornered when one of the mice turned around and barked, "Ruff! Ruff! Ruff!" The surprised cat ran away scared. Later when the mice told their mother what happened, she smiled and said, "You see, it pays to be bilingual!"@Once there were three turtles. One day they decided to go on a picnic. When they got there, they realized they had forgotten the soda. The youngest turtle said he would go home and get it if they wouldn't eat the sandwiches until he got back. A week went by, then a month, finally a year, when the two turtles said, "Oh, come on, let's eat the sandwiches." Suddenly the little turtle popped up from behind a rock and said, "If you do, I won't go!"@The teacher to a student: Conjugate the verb "to walk" in simple present.The student: I walk. You walk ....The teacher intruptes him: Quicker please.The student: I run. You run ...@Father: What did you do today to help your mother?Son: I dried the dishesDaughter: And I helped pick up the pieces.@A: Look at your face I know what you had for breakfastB: What was it?A: Eggs.B: No, that was yesterday.@A: Why are all those people running?B: They are running a race to get a cup.A: Who will get the cup?B: The person who wins.A: Then why are all the others running?@Patient: Doctor, I think that I've been bitten by a vampire.Doctor: Drink this glass of water.Patient: Will it make me better?Doctor: No, I but I'll be able to see if your neck leaks.@Said to a railroad engineer:What's the use of having a train schedule if the trains are always late.@The reply from the railroad engineer:How would we know they were late, if we didn't have a schedule?@A: When I stand on my head the blood rushes to my head, but when I stand on my feet the blood doesn't rush to my feet. Why is this?B: It's because your feet aren't empty.@Teacher: Did your father help your with your homework?Student: No, he did it all by himself.@Teacher: What are some products of the West Indies?Student: I don't know.Teacher: Of course, you do. Where do you get sugar from?Student: We borrow it from our neighbor.@On a crowded bus, one man noticed that another man had his eyes closed."What's the matter? Are you sick?" he asked."No, I'm okay. It's just that I hate to see old ladies standing."@If big elephants have big trunks, do small elephants have suitcases?@A: Do you want to hear a dirty joke?B: OkA: A white horse fell in the mud.@A nervous old lady on a bus was made even more nervous by the fact that the driver periodically took his arm out of the window. When she couldn't stand it any longer, she tapped him on the shoulder and whispered on his ear: "Young man... you keep both hands on the wheel... I'll tell you when it's raining!" :)@I used to be a werewoolf...But I'm much better noooooooooooow!@"Spell SPOT three times.""S P O T , S P O T , S P O T""What do you do when you come to a green light?"(answer is invariably-) "Stop!""What, at a GREEN light?"@There is a California dude going through a desert. He's wearing shorts, sunglasses, a towel and listening to music on his walkman. He's having a good time. Suddenly he sees a caravan approaching. He stops the Arabs and ask them cheerfully: "Hey dudes how far is the sea?" They look at each other and say: "Two thousand miles!" And he says: "Wow what a cool beach!!!"@Customer: Waiter, waiter! There is a frog in my soup!!!Waiter: Sorry, sir. The fly is on vacation.@One teacher said this to his students before the final test."A" is for God."B" is for me and my wife."C" is for the perfect student."D & F" are for all other students.@Man said to God --- Why did you make women so beautiful?God said to man --- So that you will love them.Man said to God --- But why did you make them so dumb?God said to man --- So that they will love you.@Knock, knock.Who's there?Banana.Banana who?Knock, knock.Who's there?Banana.Banana who?Knock, knock.Who's there?Banana.Banana who?Knock, knock.Who's there?Orange.Orange who?Orange you glad I didn't say banana?@Early one morning, one of the gods was galloping around Mount Olympus. Invigorated by the brisk breeze, he shouted euphorically, "I'm Thor!"His stallion looked back at him and reminded him, "That'th becauthe you forgot the thaddle, thilly!"@Did you hear about the skeleton who walked into a cafe?He ordered a cup of coffee and a mop.@1. Did you hear about the blind carpenter who picked up his hammer and saw?2. Did you hear about the deaf shepherd who gathered his flock and heard?@Mary: John says I'm pretty. Andy says I'm ugly. What do you think, Peter?Peter: I think you're pretty ugly.@My boss is so unpopular even his own shadow refuses to follow him.@"Do you know what really amazes me about you?""No. What?""Oops. Sorry. I was thinking about someone else!"@Why do we park our car in the driveway and drive our car on the parkway?@If tin whistles are made of tin, what are fog horns made of?@If vegetarians eat vegetables, what do humanitarians eat?@A person who speaks two languages is bilingual... A person who speaks three languages is trilingual...A person who speaks four or more languages is multilingual.What is a person who speaks one language?An American.@A man receives a phone call from his doctor.The doctor says, "I have some good news and some bad news."The man says, "OK, give me the good news first."The doctor says, "The good news is, you have 24 hours to live."The man replies, "Oh no! If that's the good news, then what's the bad news?"The doctor says, "The bad news is, I forgot to call you yesterday."@Teacher: Tell me a sentence that starts with an "I".Student: I is the....Teacher: Stop! Never put 'is' after an "I". Always put 'am' after an "I".Student: OK. I am the ninth letter of the alphabet.@Two cows are standing in a field.One says to the other "Are you worried about Mad Cow Disease?"The other one says "No, It doesn't worry me, I'm a horse!"@How does Jesus make tea? Hebrews it.@What do you give an armless child for Christmas?Nothing, he wouldn’t be able to open it anyways.@Fastest way to stop an argument between a bunch of deaf people?Just switch off the lights.@You can’t say that Hitler was bad through and through. He did kill Hitler, after all.@Even people who are good for nothing have the capacity to bring a smile to your face, for instance when you push them down the stairs.@A priests asks the convicted murderer at the electric chair, "Do you have any last requests?""Yes," replies the murderer. "Can you please hold my hand?"@Tombstone engraving: I TOLD you I was sick!@Oh daddy, I love you so much!Hey, until we get the DNA test, I’m just Harry to you!@At a first date:He: "I work with animals every day!"She: "Oh how sweet! What is it that you do?"He: "I’m a butcher."@Lena: "Darling, I really think it’s time we got another baby."Charles: "Oh I’m quite relieved you said that. The one we have is a real pain in the neck!"@How can you tell your acne is really starting to get out of hand?The blind start reading your face.@"Madam, your son just called me ugly!"The mother apologizes shamefacedly, "I'm so sorry, I must have told him like a thousand times it is wrong to judge people just from how they look..."@I finally got one of those roof boxes for the car. It's very practical. I can barely hear my kids now.@A box of condoms, please.That’ll be 3,99. Do you want a bag with it?Nah I’m OK. She’s actually quite pretty.@What do you get when you cross a bunny and a Rottweiler?Just the Rottweiler.@Where exactly are you taking me, doctor?""To the morgue.""What? But I’m not dead yet!""And we’re not there yet."@I got a job as a librarian, but it only lasted half an hour. Turns out, books about women's rights shouldn’t go in the Sci-Fi / Fantasy section.@My old aunts would come and tease me at weddings, “Well Sarah? Do you think you’ll be next?”We’ve settled this quickly once I’ve started doing the same to them at funerals.@I took my grandma to a fish spa center where the little fish eat your dead skin for only $45.It was way cheaper than having her buried in the cemetery.@Doctor to a patient: "I have good and bad news for you. Which one would you like to hear first?""The good one please.""I found the diagnosis of your illness, it means you have two days to live.""And the bad one?""I’ve been trying to reach you for two days."@Mom, why is my backpack so heavy?Allahu Akbar my son. Allahu Akbar.@Patient: Oh Doctor, I’m starting to forget things.Doctor: Since when have you had this condition?Patient: What condition?@What do you call a dog with no legs?Doesn’t really matter what you call him, he won’t come anyway.@Why are orphans unable to play baseball?They’ve never known what home is.@"Siri, why am I still single?"Siri activates front camera.